sql-statement: improve consistency, fix small errors (#3585)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0

> - This setting only applies to optimistic transactions. When set to zero, checking for duplicate values in UNIQUE indexes is deffered until the transaction commits. This helps improve performance, but may be an unexpected behavior for some applications. See [Constraints](/constraints.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This setting only applies to optimistic transactions. When this variable is set to zero, checking for duplicate values in UNIQUE indexes is deferred until the transaction commits. This helps improve performance, but might be an unexpected behavior for some applications. See [Constraints](/constraints.md) for details.
```
